added new optimizer rule, adjusted remove-satellite-joins (#403)
arangodb/docs: 3.7/aql/execution-and-performance-optimizer.md

- `remove-satellite-joins` _(Enterprise Edition only)_:
  optimizes *Scatter-*, *Gather-* and *RemoteNode*s for Satellite Collections

>   and CollectionAccessingNodes away. Depends on *remove-unnecessary-remote-scatter*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and SatelliteGraphs away. Depends on *remove-unnecessary-remote-scatter*
```

  From v3.6.0 on, it includes simple *UPDATE* and *REPLACE* operations
  that modify multiple documents and do not use *LIMIT*.

- `scatter-satellite-graph-in-cluster` _(Enterprise Edition only)_:

>   will appear in case a TraversalNode is found that can operate with SatelliteGraphs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  will appear in case a TraversalNode, ShortestPathNode, or KShortestPathsNode is found that operates on a SatelliteGraph.
```

>   This leads to the TraversalNode being instantiated and executed on the DB-Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This leads to the Node being instantiated and executed on the DB-Server
```

>   instead on a Coordinator. This reduces the amount of total data transferred.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  instead on a Coordinator. This reduces the total amount of data transferred.
```

>   instead on a Coordinator. This reduces the total amount of data transferred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  instead on a Coordinator. This removes the need to transfer data for this node and hence also increases performance.
```
